The additional elements which include:
3 firewalls: the first one checks the rules after receiving the requests.
The second firewall is working in the server to prevent hackers depending
on the request, then the third one acts as a circuit-level firewall,
inspect the transaction of the information.

SSL certificate: this is use to secure the HTTPS protocol and encrypt the
transaction from the hackers.

3 monitoring clients: the  first monitors the availability and performance
of the web servers, the second monitor the health of the web applications
while the third monitor the traffic flowing to and from the web servers.

The firewalls are for network security devices that monitor incoming and
outgoing network traffic and allow or block data packets based on a set
of security rules.

Traffic is served over HTTPS because HTTPS encrypts all traffic between
the client and the server, making it much more difficult for attackers
to intercept and eavesdrop on communications.

Monitoring are use for tracking the performance of the system or process
over time, identify trends and patterns, and detect any problems.

Monitoring tools are collecting data through different method depending
on the tools.Polling is the simplest and most common method of data collection.
The monitoring tool sends requests to the system or process at regular intervals
to collect data. The frequency of polling can be configured depending on the
needs of the organization. For example, a system administrator might poll a server
every minute to collect data on CPU usage and memory usage.

Queries per second is a measure of the rate of traffic going in a particular server
serving a web domain. It is an important metric to monitor, because it can help
in deciding whether to scale the server in order to cope with demand of usage, and
resource requirement so the web page won't collapse in the future with the overload
server request.

Terminating SSl at the load balancer can cause an issue  to our web infrastructure
because it can grant easy access to the hackers and can also slow down the website.

One MySQL server capable of accepting writes is an issue because If the single MySQL
server fails, all applications that rely on the database will be unavailable until
the server is repaired or replaced. This can lead to lost revenue and productivity.

Having servers with all the same components (database, web server and application
server) might be a problem because If one of the servers fails, all three components
will be unavailable. This can lead to significant downtime for the application.
